[ADD] social_marketing: improved and added documentation (#578)
odoo/documentation-user: social_marketing/overview/manage_social.rst

============================================
Manage Social Media Pages and Create Content
============================================

Once you are present on social media platforms, it is important to keep them up-to-date. However,
that might feel like a full time job. Having a solution that allows you to create, schedule, keep
track, engage with your audience and measure results saves you time and helps you to successfully
execute your online strategy, from posts to results.

Add accounts and create your feed
=================================

Click on *Add Stream* and grant the required permissions to add your accounts.

.. image:: media/add_streams.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Click on add streams to add accounts in Odoo Social Marketing

.. note::

>    You can link one Facebook page where you are the admin.

Reviewer: "where" is for a location.

```suggestion
   You can link a Facebook page that you administrate.
```
or
```suggestion
   You can link a Facebook page for which you have the admin rights.
```

Reviewer: it is "a" page
--> you can add more than one page in total. 
With "you can add one page", it implies that Odoo Social Marketing can only have one Facebook page at a time.

Also, "that" is still not correct in the way you used it in your edit.

Best of both worlds, in the way you wrote it, would be:
`   You can link a Facebook page for which you are the admin.
`

| You will be redirected to your *Feed* and a column will be automatically added with the

>   publications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| You are then redirected to your *Feed* and a column with the publications is
  automatically added.
```

| You can then add new accounts and/or streams, such as youtFacebook mentions for example, and

>   customize your Kanban view.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| You can then add new accounts and/or streams, such as your Facebook mentions for example, and
  customize your Kanban view.
```

.. image:: media/feed.png
   :align: center
   :alt: See all streams in the feed in Odoo Social Marketing

Adding social media accounts to your feed will also link KPIs. To get redirected to the statistics

> page of the social account click on *Insights*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
page of the social account, click on *Insights*.
```

Reviewer: This comma, here, is quite essential.
I know that sometimes I suggest commas that are not that important, but this one is. ^^

.. image:: media/insights.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Click on insights to be redirected to the social account from Odoo Social Marketing

Link a LinkedIn account
-----------------------

Go to :menuselection:`Configuration → Social Media`.

.. image:: media/add_linkedin.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Go to configuration to link a linkedin account in Odoo Social Marketing

.. note::

>    LinkedIn is in Beta Version, therefore, the feed is not available. Only the creation of content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   LinkedIn is in Beta Version. Therefore, the feed is not available yet. Only the creation of content.
```
